BUG: Fixed IntervalArray[int].shift (#31502)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.1.rst

- Plotting tz-aware timeseries no longer gives UserWarning (:issue:`31205`)

**Interval**

> - Bug in :meth:`arrays.IntervalArray.shift` raising a ``TypeError`` when shifting an interval array of integers or datetimes (:issue:`34195`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`Series.shift` with ``interval`` dtype raising a ``TypeError`` when shifting an interval array of integers or datetimes (:issue:`34195`)
```

Reviewer: (the docstring for IntervalArray.shift doesn't exist in sphinx + users will typically use Series.shift)
